Argon
		The Argon are descended from humans who began colonizing the universe after the discovery of the Jumpgate technology.
		They are a tough hardy race, as befits a race that has colonized so many different planets. Settlers and colonists tend to be a bit unfriendly and wary of strangers, and are very tough and independent. 
	Argon Federation
		The Argon Federation is a union of many sectors and planets inhabited by the Argon. It is very influential, has a very well organized military with correspondingly good combat ships. It also has a very good position in areas like research and trade. The Federation is allied with the Boron, in the founding guild and with the other races in the Community of Planets. The Federation's headquarters are on Argon Prime; its majestic flagship is Argon One, which guards the Federation's core sectors.
		Today, the Argon Federation is wealthy and encompasses a large number of very different types of planets. Some are deserts while others are icy wastes. The planet Argon Prime is the heart of the Federation and is the seat of the government and all other administration. It is also one of the most exciting planets in the X Universe.
		Throughout their short history the Argon Federation has been plagued by war, notably with the Xenon. Their greatest challenge however came from the unlikely source of the reconnected Terrans of Earth where they were plunged into the costly Terran Conflict.
	Argon Government
		After contact with the Argon Federation was severed, the Argon Military became the governing body in Omicron Lyrae. Now headed by an elected committee and being responsible for the lives of millions, it is now more than a defence force. 
	Antigone Republic
		The Antigone Republic has been one of the driving forces behind creating a safer and more peaceful Jump Gate network, but there remain many threats that have yet to be dealt with. The Antigone Trade Guild recognises these threats as a danger to its members, and realises that these threats must be dealt with.
	Hatikvah Free League
		Building themselves up from nothing after facing complete annihilation by the Terraformers in the Terraformer Conflict, the Argon spread throughout the Jump Gate network at a far slower rate than the original Terran settlers.
		During this time, there were of course many disagreements over the direction of the Argon people, leading to the secession of both the Hatikvah Free League (original) and Free State of Solara from Argon Prime leadership. Despite their differences, however, they were able to join in an alliance, and in 241 NT the covenant creating the Argon Federation, with Argon Prime as its capital, was signed.
		
Goners
		Originally the Goner were a small group called "Truth about Earth Foundation". It was founded by the historian Martinus Sandas. Its purpose was to promote the idea that the Earth exists and is the origin of the Argon. When he met Nyana Gunne, the great-granddaughter of Nathan R. Gunne, they discovered that they had the same goals, joined together and called themselves and their group "The Gunners". 
		The details of their story became obscured in the centuries that followed and became known as The Truth. Even their name became distorted and they became known as the Goners. The Goners worked in harmony with the Argon and spread the "good news" about the existence of a glorious planet called Earth to other races. 
	Heretic Vanguards
		Initially a splinter group of Goner scholars disenchanted with the true nature of the Terrans and Earth, they became an extremist anti-Terran clan. The Goners branded them Heretics of history, fuelling their secularism. When Omicron Lyrae found itself alone as a crucible of Argon and Terran forces, the Heretic Vanguards took it upon themselves to sabotage any step towards reconciliation. 
		
Boron
		Although athe Boron originate from the marine planet Nishala, they have largely adapted to life in space. They are a fun and well-balanced race, always intent on peace.
		Boron live in water. They have six main limbs, of which four are stronger built then the others. Additionally, they have a varying number of very small tentacles. They have snouts and big eyes on stalk-like appendages.
	Boron Kingdom
		Although the realm of the Boron is called the Boron Kingdom, or Queendom, the Boron have a democratically elected parliament and a government responsible to this body. Many members of parliament and government belong to the Lar gender. There is a royal house which represents the people, but also has its own political powers. The royal house enjoys a high reputation among the population. At present Queen Lar Atreus is the head of the family and the state.
		The Boron are famous for their wisdom, wealth and the sophistication of their space ships throughout the X Universe.
		
Paranid
		These beings live in constant religious reverence for the Xaar, their religious leader. They are mysterious and suspicious. 
		The Paranid are odd, and fierce looking. Their thick leathery skin is yellow and they have three large bony crests on the tops of their heads. They also have three eyes set in a deep furrow across their foreheads. Their mouth is similar to that of a fish with two fangs emerging from the either side.
	Godrealm of the Paranid
		The head of state of the Paranids is the Pontifex Maximus Paranidia (who is neither female nor male). The pontifex is neither elected nor fought for his position; as soon as it becomes apparent that a Pontifex will die, the future Pontifex is born. 
		The Paranid are allied with the Split even though there have been many disagreements between them.
	Holy Order of the Pontifex
		After the shutdown of the Gate network, many Paranid worlds were without contact to or guidance from the Pontifex Maximus Paranidia. Amidst much panic, one group in particular presented themselves strongly as the new Leadership of the Paranid people, and refused to submit to the Xaar upon the re-connection of the gates. The Holy Order's designated hatchling Priest-Emperor was declared "Pontifex Maximus Haereticus" bxy the Pontifex of the Godrealm, and the hatching place in Pontifex's Claim has been hotly fought over ever since the sector became reconnected.
		
Split
		The Split are a warlike people, full of aggression and fighting spirit. They fight to the bitter end, and even the Boron conflict is mainly their fault. 
		The Split are humanoid in shape, and males average between 5-6 ft tall. Split females are taller and more slim than males. They are a pale green/nicotine yellow in colour and have two piercing, bright blue eyes that stare out of a flat face. Their mouths are permanently turned down and they are never seen to smile (which is because their facial expressions in that respect are the opposite from that of humans). The men of the species all have a grey wispy beard on the end of what can be called their chins and grey tufts of hair on the top and sides of their heads. 
	Split Dynasty
		In a way, the Split have a dictatorship of the strongest. The strongest family provides the patriarch who rules over the other families until he may be killed by a coup of another family and the other family can provide a new patriarch. 
		To this day the Split continue to control large territories that used to belong to the kingdom of Boron. They continue to exploit the rare Markus Spacefly as a propellant in their ships but they also continue to effectively trade with the Profit Guild.
		The Split government has changed very little over the years. It is still based upon the complex feudal hierarchical structure developed by Emperor Thuruk t'Mhhg, although the actual position of Emperor was dissolved around 400 NT (2570 Earth standard), replaced by a number of different influential clans known as Families, that fight and via with each other to achieve power.
		
Teladi
		Nothing is more important to the lizard-like Teladi than credits: with lisping deceit they obtain as much money as possible and guard their wealth with constant mistrust. The CEO, head of the Teladi company, runs their people like a company. But the Teladi's business sense also brings advantages, such as the best buys locator.
		The Teladi look like large upright greenish or brownish lizards. They walk on their hind legs and from a distance look remotely humanoid. Their size is that of a human child.
	Teladi Company
		The entire Teladi people see themselves not as much as a people, but more as a gigantic company. It is managed by the Chief Executive Officer (CEO). There is also a supervisory board that oversees the CEO's decisions and intervenes if necessary. 
		Most of the races in the X Universe don't like the Teladi and refer to them as greedy and lazy. Sometimes they are even referred to as stupid but that is only by races that have never done business with them. The Teladi drive some of the hardest bargains in the X Universe and always come out of a situation with a profit.
	Teladi Union
		After the Jump Gate realignment saw Fields of Opportunity cut off from the influence of the Teladi Company, the Teladi Union was formed by those Teladi trying to maintain some sort of political unity, and holds many of the same administrative customs and procedures as its predecessor. In its isolation, the Union has also remained as liberal as the Company in what may be traded legally, in an attempt to keep hold of even its less honourable customers. 
	Ministry of Finance
		Not much is presently known about the Ministry, but given the Teladi nature, it can be assumed they are a government agency with enormous influence.
		
Terrans
		The inhabitants of planet Earth are known as Terrans; they are the forefathers of the Argons.
		They are a technologically advanced race, but their suspicion of other races, including their lost cousins, the Argon, motivated them to be protective of their territory.
	United Space Command
		The USC is Earth's space fleet. Founded in 2059, its mission is to protect Earth, its colonies and its inhabitants from danger. The mission area is Earth and its solar system. It performs all kinds of tasks from salvaging damaged ships to humanitarian aid and the pursuit of terrorists.
		The USC has bases throughout the Sol system. It consists of several fleets, hundreds of ships and thousands of people. The base is located in the city of Milano on Earth. 
	AGI Task Force
		The Artifical General Intelligence Task Force, or AGI Task Force for short or just ATF was built for only one purpose: to protect Earth.
		Since the USC sometimes had to take on a lot of economic tasks, it could no longer concentrate fully on the military sector. In particular, it was feared - even centuries after the war against the terraformers - that the earth could be attacked by AGI. This is how the ATF was created. It is a purely military department of the Terrans, and is extremely effective in that it is fully confined to the military field. 
	Aldrin
		Aldrin is a colony of Earth long believed lost, named after Buzz Aldrin, a pilot who lived a long time ago. With the beginning of the Terraformer War, in which the gate to Earth was also destroyed, almost all Terran colonies were attacked. Aldrin was probably also devastated. Only the appearance of old AGI ships led to their rediscovery by an ATF fleet. 
		The technology of the Aldrians looks very outdated on the outside. However, it has been greatly improved with the help of the CPU ship protecting Aldrin. In 800 years of isolation, Aldrin has managed to recover on their own and build colonies in the huge Aldrin system. 
		For a long time, numerous representatives of different governments were of the opinion that Aldrin had been lost or even completely destroyed for many centuries. Now the 'Lost Colony' has been rediscovered, hidden in the endless empty vastness of space. The survivors of the Terraformer attack have since developed into a progressive community, well protected by their isolation. The fact that they offer the other races to share in their ancient secrets fills everyone with new hope for the continued existence of the five races. 
	Republic of Cantera
		Originally 'Operation Cantera', a civilian-led Terran mining initiative, the group suffered greatly when the gate to Terran space shut down. The lack of major infrastructure lead to mass famine and their equipment falling into disrepair. While now able to support their populations needs they are still far from being described as thriving. 
	Toride Colonists
		Fleeing from Sol and travelling over many systems when it became clear that the Terrans were losing the Terran Conflict, these colonists eventually settled in previously unexplored space that, at first glance, seemed the perfect place for a new settlement. It was only after the Jump Gate shutdown that the Colonists discovered multiple hostile forces on the very outskirts of the system, already fighting over its ownership. Though they tried to defend their new home, the Toride Colonists were eventually driven out of Toride, and now take refuge from Terracorp in Cold Star. 
		
Xenon
		The Xenon developed from the Terraformers after they had been sent into space by the inhabitants of Earth. Today they devastate planets, sectors and facilities of all peoples in order to prepare them for colonization. 
		Nowadays the Xenon have no contact whatsoever with any people in the universe. They are neither members of a trade organization, nor do they belong to any of the guilds. They do not use credit units, and it is not known if or which currency they use at all.
		The Xenon are organized like a distributed computing network with central servers. After the last xenon conflict, only two of the original 256 central units (called CPU ships, or simply CPUs) are left. One of these CPUs has priority and ultimately makes the decisions. Due to the large distances between the two CPU ships and the extreme latency times, the CPUs are nevertheless forced to act largely autonomously. 
		They appear to have no interest in the technology of or to trade with other races. The location of the Xenon home planet, if there is one, has never been discovered in spite of many attempts to do so. Nor does anyone know the exact size of the territory that the Xenon control. 
		While it has been known for members of the Xenon race to fragment and form separate groups it is generally unknown if this leads to 'factions'. Given their great difference from biological life it is hard for the other races to recognise any factional behaviour. The most widely accepted fact about the Xenon is that what they lack in communication they more than make up for in destruction.
		A constant threat in many areas of the galaxy, it is thought that the Jump Gate shutdown may stem their movements but given their disregard of time it is possible they may simply travel between stars. The Xenon have no known allies and communication with them is often relegated to folklore.
		
Kha'ak
		It is not yet clear why the Kha'ak are attacking the peoples. However, it is clear that they are doing it, mainly in a kind of guerilla tactic with single clusters. 
		The Khaak are insect-like creatures, which also explains why they always attack in swarms. They have strongly branched stations, which are reminiscent of underground passages. The home planet of the Khaak was destroyed at an unknown time. When the Paranid discovered the Khaak sectors and found the metal Nividium in the remains of their planet, they decided to mine it on a grand scale to build their own jumpgate network. 
		With the Kha'ak, nothing points to a government or a state in the classical sense. Probably the Kha'ak have a kind of hierarchy which is divided into the following groups: thinkers, developers, nurses and workers or warriors.
		The Kha'ak probably have a kind of queen who, like with ants, takes care of the offspring. 
		A Kha'ak will sacrifice himself to that end without question.
		Thought to have been wiped out during Operation Final Fury, very little is known about the Kha'ak other than they seem to be hell-bent on the destruction of all those that share the Jump Gate network. As a hive race, it is suspected that individual intelligence gives way to a communal or caste mentality, but very little research into the species was completed before Operation Final Fury took place.

Pirates
		The pirates are made up of the criminal scum of all peoples. Even the Boron have produced some pirates. Pirates live in hidden pirate bases in the peoples' sectors, but also in their own independent territories. From there they indulge in the consumption of drugs or go out to destroy other ships by force of arms. 
		The pirates are not a people in the true sense of the word, as they are made up of a multitude of like-minded criminals from all known species who are focused on various illegal activities. 
		They have their own bases, usually hidden from view and well defended. Most pirate bases have large fleets of ships and will send out raiding patrols on a regular basis. 
		
Yaki
		The Yaki are pirates who focus on the targeted theft of expensive goods. They are usually equipped with heavily armed ships and should not be underestimated. 
		Their headquarters are located in the sector "Weaver's Tempest". Through ruthless actions like extortion, murder, arms and slave trade, and raids also on the armed forces of the five peoples they became what they are today: The largest and most powerful pirate clan, which, thanks to its centralization, stands out from the unified pirates.
		The ruthless Yaki pirates have taken advantage of the weakened Argon fleet to carry out raids on Argon facilities and many other sectors in the X-Universe. The Yaki Pirates are becoming a real force to be reckoned with.
		
Sovereign Syndicate
		The self-declared free people of Albion, the Sovereign Syndicate pride themselves on having little or no contact with any other faction unless something of value is to be acquired. Some suspect Plutarch ties with these Pirates, even when Plutarch targets are frequently hit. 
		
The Cartel
		While there is no evidence to support or oppose the belief, many in Albion believe that the Teladi Union not only accepted but encouraged the creation of the Cartel to ensure that any and all could access the pharmaceutical wares that are made readily available in Teladi space, but are restricted elsewhere. Whether or not this is the case, while the Cartel's presence in Fields of Opportunity is openly tolerated, its operations in Albion are under constant scrutiny by all security forces. 
		
Atlas Pirates
		Finding themselves in Toride long before it was called Toride, the Atlas Pirates were trapped between multiple hostile forces and unable to escape before the Jump Gate shutdown. While they had enough military force to defend themselves, they were without a base of operations. This changed when the Toride Colonists fled their homes, and in an attempt to entrench themselves against their enemies, the Atlas group took over the newly-built Terran stations. 
		
Scale Plate Pact
		When it became obvious that the Godrealm of the Paranid would not simply let the Teladi Company transport wares such as spaceweed through Trinity Sanctum to Teladi space surrounding it, the Scale Plate Pact quickly jumped at the opportunity to smuggle these wares through the system instead, taking them not just to Teladi space, but further to Argon and Paranid territory too.
		These operations made it necessary to set up a base of operations on the quieter side of the blockade, and The Cove, explored but not claimed by the Teladi Company, presented the perfect place for this headquarters.
		
Reivers
		Not much is known about the group known to the Canterans as 'Reivers'. They appear Argon or Human but hardly engage in communications unless to intimidate with near-nonsense aggressive babble. 
		
Ancients
		The Ancients are a technologically highly developed people who are responsible, among other things, for the construction and administration of the jump gate network. They have been in existence for over 1 billion years.
		The Ancients are not a single race, but rather a union of hundreds of races. These peoples have given up their identity in the course of very long periods of time and have thus merged with each other. However, this did not go smoothly, so it took many hundreds of millions of years, some of which were painful for the Ancients, to reach the current status: A physical-virtual Type III civilization (a civilization capable of using the total power of an entire galaxy) on its way to Type IV civilization (a civilization capable of using the total power of a galaxy cluster). 
		Civilizations that virtualize themselves too early (already during the Type I stage) usually fall into a stage of inner contemplation and thus completely turn away from the physical world, which usually has serious consequences and leads to the downfall of civilization. The Ancients, on the other hand, who virtualized themselves a billion years ago, go beyond pure virtualization. In a way, they are still physically present and intensely concerned with their outside world and the future of the universe. 
		The Ancients were of the opinion that only Type II civilizations could develop and fully theoretically describe jumpgate technology, because of the enormous complexity of jump technology, practical application is usually only achieved by Type III. The Ancients considered this an axiom for half a billion years. Without any contact with the Ancients, the Argon scientist Dr. Siobhan Injy Norman came across this axiom, which she also proved mathematically. 
		The Ancients consider themselves part of the physical world, but due to their virtualization they cannot directly influence their environment. Only in the case of energy absorption or the release of residual energy from the presence cloud, radio and overhead communication, photon release for communication or Computronium particle clumping for gravitational agglomeration can the Ancients exert a direct influence.
		Since the Computronium represents only the substrate of virtualization, no individual can exert an individual influence within the presence cloud. 
		
Sohnen
		The Sohnen are considered as contact point between the races and the Ancients. They are also said to be in contact with the Goners. 
		As the Ancients virtualized themselves more and more, the possibility of influencing the environment decreased steadily. But since virtualization was used for practical reasons to realize the Great Plan and not to seal oneself off, they were forced to look for ways to influence the environment. 
		In the beginning, many different types of proxies were used; about a billion years later, they began to develop a semi-mechanical way of life that would take over all the executive tasks of the Ancients. The result of this development were the Sohnen.
		Although the Sohnen are a mechanical form of life, they possess individuality and even their own culture, different from the Xenon. They are also capable of reproducing themselves - asexually. The assumption of many people that Sohnen possess femtointelligence is wrong. They do not possess a Computronium container, which accommodates a partial entity of the Ancients. The Sohnen function on the basis of conventional - but nevertheless enormously advanced - technology. 
		
Outsiders
		The Outsiders come from outside the known universe and were involved in a war with the Sohnen. 
		1.5 billion years ago, the Ancients first noticed that natural constants were slowly changing. In the beginning the speed of light, the fine structure constant and the proton rest mass were affected. The changes were only minor, but led to a constant loss of energy in the universe, as the changes violated the second principle of thermodynamics. This was not supposed to be physically possible at all. 
		After a hundred million years in which the Ancients were forced to watch inactively, several Outsider probes penetrated the X Universe, each with the dimensions of entire solar systems. Now there was irrefutable evidence of life outside this universe. With enormous losses one of the gigantic probes could be destroyed by the old people, whereby nearly hundred million outsiders could be captured. 
		The captured outsiders were put into temporal stasis and taken in proxy ships to distant areas within the Local Group. Shortly after capture, the changes in natural constants ceased. 
		
Atreus Shipbuilding Currents
		Atreus Shipbuilding Currents is a relatively young Boron company that has settled in the Queen's Harbour sector with its huge headquarters complex. The company's main business is optimised, remote-controlled vehicles such as reconnaissance drones, cargo drones, Mk I and Mk II combat drones and modern ship computer systems. The focus is on the development of new AI systems to facilitate the guidance of spacecraft and improve their capabilities. 
		
Jonferson Space Systems (formerly JSSD)
		Jonferson Space Systems (formerly known as 'Jonferson Space Dynamics Division', or 'JSDD') is a technological powerhouse, linked with research and manufacture of ships, station modules, propulsion and defences. With historical ties to the Terrans and highways this corporation has had a major impact on the known universe giving it much influence in Omicron Lyrae. It is not known if any of its other subsidiaries are enjoying as much favour in other distant systems. 
		(Jonferson Space Dynamics Division (JSDD) was founded by Ser Alman Jonferson some Jazuras after he had made an important invention. In principle, this "invention" was nothing more than an engineering feat; he invented a matter/antimatter drive for large ships.)
		
Duke's Buccaneers
		The Duke's Buccaneers superficially are a non-governmental Paranid security organization serving the priest-emperator. In reality, however, they are a criminal organization.
		Duke's Haven Headquarters is located in the unknown sector south of Heaven's Assertation.
		The Duke's Buccaneers are pursued and shot down by the CoP like pirates. The corsairs in turn cooperate with pirates, because part of their fleet carries pirate IDs and pirates can also be found on board Duke's Haven.
		
NMMC (formerly PTNI)
		The Nividium Mining and Manufacturing Company, NMMC for short, is a large Teladi corporation. Due to a legal dispute, NMMC had to change its old name from PTNI in order not to be sued by the Teladi Chamber of Commerce. Nevertheless, it is still the same company. The main objective is still the mining of Nividium and the generation of the greatest possible profit. 
		(The Profit Association of the Teladian Nividium Industry, PTNI for short, is a rich Teladi society belonging to the Nividium mining union. It is based at PTNI Headquarters, which is the sector with the highest number of individuals due to the profiteroid.)
		
OTAS
		Optimized Technology, Armaments and Shielding is a large corporation in the X-Universe specializing in defense technology. This includes research, development and production as well as the use of these weapons to increase their influence.
		
Plutarch Mining Corporation
		The Plutarch Mining Corporation is a rapidly growing conglomerate of companies that makes every effort to expand further. And not only with the mining of asteroids.
		The headquarters is located in the sector Ore Belt. 
		De facto government in Albion. The largest corporation left in the power vacuum after the gates shutdown, the PMC gained influence over all other factions and corporations. 
		
Split Strong Arms Corp.
		This group exists only for two reasons, the construction and sale of weapons. Free of any moral considerations, the management is not interested in who pays the best price for their weapons and what they are used for.
		The headquarters is located in the Thyns Excavation sector. 
		
TerraCorp
		Terra Corporation (TerraCorp) is a universe-wide Argon trade organization associated with the Goners that primarily explores the origins of the Argon, but is also active in a variety of interstellar business areas. The company is located in Home of Light. The company's newest fields of business are private security services and consulting. Even the Argon secret service often takes the advice of TerraCorp to solve problems. 
		Founded by Kyle Brennan and Elena Kho, Terracorp has become one of the most influential and diverse organisations in Argon space. Though they specialised in private security and consultancy for many years before the Jump Gate shutdown, the corporation also developed a vast economic knowledge and even built its own fleet. This put Terracorp in the ideal position to help the system of Home of Light survive the Dark that followed the shutdown, and under the leadership of CEO Dal Nirin, Terracorp remains as influential and powerful as it ever was. 
		
Albion Energy Subsidiary
		When the Plutarch Mining Corporation moved to corner the energy market to secure its needs, the AES was set up to deal with energy trade to the other corporations. 
		
Aquarius Corporation
		Originally a small water supply company, it has now expanded into many areas of low-end resource supply. 
		
Beryll
		Once a sophisticated criminal syndicate, the Beryll dealt in illegal technology such as Xenon components. When the gates closed, the Beryll members in Albion formed Beryll Astrotech. 
		
CHOW
		The dominant supplier of food in Omicron Lyrae, CHOW expanded its operations rapidly after the gates shutdown adding production lines for other race foodstuffs to prevent a potential famine crisis. This move greatly raised CHOW's standing among the people, Argon and alien alike. 
		
Franton Pharma
		This company produces high-end specialist organics such as chemical compounds, medical supplies and stott spices. It also grows Spaceweed for medical research. How samples find their way out of the research lab is beyond the company's power to explain. 

Heart of Albion
		Initially the remains of the Argon Military in Albion, the Heart of Albion group was formed to give the people a voice in the corporation-dominated environment. Its military history makes it a well-structured organisation but sanctions imposed by Plutarch limited its growth as a defence force. Their skills however have transitioned more into reconnaissance and corporate sabotage, mainly with the aim of uncovering and exposing any wrongdoings by Plutarch. 
		
Ledda Industrial
		 Specialising in heavy construction and bulk manufacturing, Ledda Industrial's biggest client is the Plutarch Mining Corporation. Their Shipyards and Drone Production Facilities regularly churn out new assets for PMC which some representatives of Heart of Albion declare to be considered 'troubling'. 
	
No Limits
		As close to a criminal organisation that PMC will allow in its midst, No Limits deals in seedy activities and goods. As it deals with illicit needs of wealthy Plutarch employees some 'merchants' have become valuable Heart of Albion informants. 
		
Sonra Energy
		One of Omicron Lyrae's greatest threats in recent times was the energy shortage after the gates shut down. Once reliant on neighbouring systems, there was an immediate rationing of Energy Cells and the formation of the Sonra Energy Research Group. Using several components remaining at the then battered shipyard, they fashioned Solar Power Plants to end the rationing phase, then focused on heavy duty energy sources such as fusion and anti-matter. 
		
Wholesome Foods
		Employing a great number in Albion, Wholesome Foods is seen as a corporation of the people along with Ledda Industrial. PMC has been careful to not upset the operations of Wholesome Foods to avoid food shortages but they have been known to head-hunt skilled employees for themselves on occasion. The main issue facing Wholesome Foods is the interference from No Limits with the apparent aim to drive up sales of their more exotic and often illicit products. 
		
Uguras Armaments
		Uguras Armaments grew in influence after taking control of many of the abandoned stations in Fields of Opportunity. Making deals first with the Teladi Company and later the Teladi Union, they promised protection from the Xenon forces on the system's outskirts in return for unrestricted access to official markets. The faction's presence is now accepted openly, since most of the weapons used by the Teladi security forces were developed and provided by Uguras Armaments at minimal cost. Their operations in Albion, however, are met with great scepticism, and they are suspected of illegally running guns throughout the system. 
		
Alliance of Words
		In the Spring of the year 801 NT, sixteen years after the effective end of the Community of Planets, messenger drones from Paranid Prime arrived at Nishala, the Boron homeworld, and Argon Prime. The mathematically-gifted Paranid had somehow managed to determine the physical locations of the other races' homeworlds. Though the jumpgates remained inoperative, the near-luminal velocity of messenger drones would at least allow some form of communication between the races.
		The "Alliance of Words" was born.
		"The Jump Gate shutdown is now defined as the single most important event in the history of the network. A disaster of cataclysmic proportion that changed everything, redefining our very way of life. Despite all of the odds, however, we have come through the other side, and along the way have found more to research and explore than ever before. That is the area in which we pride ourselves. The Alliance of the Word. Founded on the idea that those disconnected from the Jump Gate network could be saved, we strive to find out more, for the good of all of us."
		
